Real Madrid president Florentino Perez paid tribute to his players and coach Zinedine Zidane after they wrapped up the La Liga title on Thursday, saying their triumph after the long pause due to the COVID-19 pandemic would forever be remembered. Real trailed Barcelona by two points when the season was halted in March but they have been on a flawless run since the campaign resumed in June and clinched the title with a 2-1 win over Villarreal. “We really wanted to win this league title and that is what we have done,” Perez told Spanish television network Movistar. “They have all put in enormous performances, especially Karim Benzema, Thibaut Courtois and Casemiro, while Sergio Ramos is more than a captain. “They have all built a brilliant team spirit while Zidane is the architect of this title win as he has put the players to work. We are so pleased.” Perez added that the team deserved particular credit for how they reacted to the season being put on hold due to the spread of the coronavirus, coming out of spending two months in their homes to win all 10 matches since returning to action. “The lockdown was important, we trained hard in that period and came back with so much enthusiasm to win this title,” he said.“Everyone could see how strong we have been. What this team has done will go down in Real Madrid’s history.” The Blancos president, who is famed for his ‘Galacticos’ approach to recruitment, says there will be no elaborate outlay at the Santiago Bernabeu
Real Madrid president Florentino Perez claims there will be no big spending by the newly-crowned La Liga champions in the next transfer window, with plans to sign “the best” put on hold.

The Blancos have captured the Spanish top-flight crown in 2020, with their coronation confirmed in a 2-1 victory over Villarreal.

Zinedine Zidane has guided the capital giants back to the summit of a domestic game, having inherited a squad that was in danger of losing its way when he was brought back for a second spell at the helm in March 2019.